hello I'm Mari Indiana hi everybody
today a special edition of the text I
show you how to prepare the foie gras
Oona
for this beautiful recipe of course we
need the formula hello
is a beautiful piece for 600 grams this
exceptional is full also we need 1 equal
golden some butter salt fleur de sel and
some pepper we prepare the April we
slice you can see here the slices and
now we cut the Frogner
beside the slice we take one slice
look like very very beautiful
fortunately is fully before not good
enough lovely does we go to cool enough
large the story here is exceptionally
slice first we're going to stop to
dissolve the butter in cook the eight
ball slices in the batter
this is the particularity of this recipe
will be a mix of taste and the opponent
and the the photo the little yo+ the
taste to give more returns of course to
appreciate more
of course we suggest you to don't ask
the level for a able to exist more taste
nevermind it's little bit brown because
you cook in the tea and we cook sample
around 8 to 10 minutes and when the eve
of already reserved them in the dish
with all the juice here
nope but not a lot doing and now of
course we put the juice on a little bit
of fleur de sel and the pepper because
foie gras like that just to take it
immediately when this is ready we are
hope you enjoy this recipe of the face
and see you soon for new recipe
thank you just a bubble Marie bye